## Sample programs using the libiop library

We have implemented the three example programs mentioned in our paper based on the libiop library, including:

* A Cubic Expression

* Range Proof

* SHA256

We implemented it under the three zero-knowledge proof systems provided by libiop: Aurora, Fractal, and Ligero.  

The program source code can be found under&#x20;

> libioplab/src/

specifically&#x20;

> cubic_sim_Ligero.cpp        rangeproof_sim_Ligero.cpp  sha256_sim_Ligero.cpp
> 
> cubic_sim_Aurora.cpp   rangeproof_sim_Aurora.cpp   sha256_sim_Aurora.cpp
> 
> cubic_sim_Fractal.cpp  rangeproof_sim_Fractal.cpp  sha256_sim_Fractal.cpp

This tutorial will provide an introduction to our example program codes to demonstrate the use of libiop.

Blow, we will introduce the implementation logic of each example programs based on the libiop library.

**You can find detailed annotations of the program codes in the markdown files within this directory.**

However, libiop does not provide a complete R1CS circuit creation toolchain.
We cannot directly use libiop to implement the specific circuits of cubic_expression, rangeproof and sha256.
But libiop provides tools to generate simulated circuits to evaluate the efficiency of generating and verifying different zero-knowledge proofs. Circuits of different sizes can be simulated by changing the number of constraints, the number of announcement inputs, the number of input variables, etc. of the test circuit.

libiop and libsnark are implemented by the same development team. They responded to this issue in libiop's issue. The number of circuit constraints run by libsnark can be used to guide the input of the number of circuit constraints in libiop.

### 1. A Cubic Expression

We use the number of circuit constraints generated by xxx in the libsnark library as the basis for setting the number of circuit constraints in libiop, which is 3.


### 2. Range Proof

We use the number of circuit constraints generated by xxx in the libsnark library as the basis for setting the number of circuit constraints in libiop, which is 39.

### 3. SHA256

We use the number of circuit constraints generated by xxx in the libsnark library as the basis for setting the number of circuit constraints in libiop, which is 27280.



